as a chief. If you've been, uh, in the unit a lot, you kind of know if
the mood changes after there's been some kind of discrimination or
assault or things that could really affect the unit, Um, you might notice
a difference in the mood or the tone of the unit. And that might
let you know that Hey, you know what? 20 minutes ago, there was probably
a big argument. I found that a lot on my last ship. Um, sometimes
I would go inside and everyone's eating pizza and kind of chatting
and joking around. Another time I would go in and everyone's rocking
in their chairs. Or it's just sitting down like staring at the
walls and stuff. You know, something kind of happened eso If the mood
changes, that's one. If you see a decrease in the quality of work,
that's another one. Um, especially if a really good person who never
has any problems starts handing and shoddy work. Then that's cause
for you to say to sit them down and say, Hey, um, did something happen
recently